.TH LCDB 1 "Version 0.1: November 29 2015" "Collection of ldap utilities" "ldap collection"
.SH NAME
lcdb \- LDAP create database.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcdb
.B "-a admin-user"
.B "-d domain"
.B "-t db-type"
[
.B "-p path"
] [
.B -f
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlcdb\fP will create and ldif configuration for a new branch of the
directory, based on the domain name you provide.
You must also supply the name of the admin user for the root DN.
LDAP convention is for this user to be \fIManager\fP, although you can use any
single work name you choose.
By default \fBlcdb\fP will create the database in \fI/var/lib/slapd/<domain-name>/domain\fP.
This is to allow you to create a replication database in
\fI/var/lib/slapd/<domain-name>/accesslog\fP.
See \fBlcr(1)\fP for more details.
.PP
\fBlcdb\fP will also ask you for the root DN password, and you will not be
allowed to provide an empty password.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-a admin-user"
Specify the username of the admin user who will be the root DN for this branch
of the directory.
.IP "-d domain"
Specify the DNS name of the domain to be the base DN for the directory.
.IP "-t db-type"
Specify the backend database type. Currently either mdb or hdb.
.IP "-p path"
Specify an alternative path for the database files to reside. This directory
must exist and be writable be the openldap user.
.IP -f
Create an output file called \fIdb.ldif\fP in the current working directory.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
There are no environment variables used in this program.
.SH AUTHOR
Iain M Conochie <iain-at-thargoid-dot-co-dot-uk>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcc(1)
.BR lcg(1)
.BR lcr(1)
.BR lcs(1)
.BR lcu(1)
.BR lck(1)
.BR lcou(1)
