.TH LCDHCP 1 "Version 0.5.1: January 06 2024" "Collection of ldap utilities" "ldap collection"
.SH NAME
lcdhcp \- LDAP create DHCP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcdhcp ACTION ARGUMENTS

.B lcdhcp [ -h
|
.B -v ]

.B lcdhcp -t -b
dn
.B -n
name
.B -i
ip
.B -e
ether
.B -d
domain
.B [ -f
file |
.B -a ]

.B lcdhcp -w -b
dn
.B -k
netblock
.B -m
netmask
.B [ -d
domain
.B -i
ip
.B ] [
.B -g
gateway
.B ]
.B [ -f
file |
.B -a ]

.B lcdhcp -s -b
dn
.B -n
name
.B [ -f
file |
.B -a ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlcdhcp\fP will create an ldif output for a \fIDHCP\fP host, server or network
in an \fILDAP\fP directory. The directory must have the \fIisc-dhcp-server\fP
schema loaded for the ldif to be accepted. All entries in the directory will be
stored under an \fIou\fP, that can be specified via the command line, or the
configuration files. If none is specified, then the default \fIdhcp\fP will be
used.
.SH OPTIONS
.B ACTIONS
.IP "-h,  --help"
display help
.IP "-v,  --version"
display version
.IP "-t,  --host"
create a host entry
.IP "-s,  --server"
create a server entry
.IP "-w,  --network"
create a network entry
.PP
.B ARGUMENTS
.IP "-a,  --add-ldap"
flag to add directly to LDAP directory. Mutually exclusive with \fI-f\fP option
.IP "-b,  --basedn \fBbase-dn\fP"
base DN of the ldap directory
.IP "-d,  --domain \fBdomain\fP"
DNS domain name
.IP "-e,  --ethernet \fBaddress\fP"
ethernet address of the host
.IP "-f,  --filename \fBfilename\fP"
output to a file called \fIfilename\fP. Mutually exclusive with \fI-a\fP option
.IP "-g,  --gateway \fBaddress\fP"
gateway IP address
.IP "-i,  --ip-address \fBaddress\fP"
ip address. When adding a network, this will be the DNS server IP address, if -d also specified
.IP "-k,  --netblock \fBaddress\fP"
netblock address
.IP "-m,  --boot-file \fBfilename\fP"
net boot file called \fIfilename\fP
.IP "-n,  --name \fBname\fP"
a name for the entry
.IP "-m,  --netmaks \fBaddress\fP"
netmask address
.IP "-o,  --ou \fBou\fP"
ou name. If 1 is not provided, 'dhcp' will be used
.IP "-r,  --boot-server \fBaddress\fP"
boot server address
.IP "-u,  --url \fBURL\fP"
ldap(s):// style URL for the ldap server
.IP "-x,  --disable-booting"
disable booting of the host over the network
.IP "-z,  --service"
name of the dhcp service; used for the rdn
.SH FILES
.I /etc/ldap/ldap.conf
.RS
The system wide ldap configuration file
.RE
.I /etc/aildap/aildap.conf
.RS
The system wide aildap configuration file
.RE
.I ~/.aildap/lcdhcp.conf
.RS
User configuration for the \fIlcdhcp\fP program
.RE
.SH FILE CONFIGURATION OPTIONS
Options in the configuration files should be whitespace separated NAME VALUE pairs

.I OU
.RS
Specify the OU container for the DHCP objects
.RE
.I BASE
.RS
Specify the base DN for the LDAP directory
.RE
.I USER
.RS
Specify the user DN to use to bind to the LDAP server
.RE
.I PASS
.RS
Specify the password for the above user
.RE
.I SERVICE
.RS
Specify the service name. This will be used in the rdn for this DHCP service
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
There are no environment variables used in this program.
.SH AUTHOR
Iain M Conochie <iain-at-ailsatech-dot-net>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcdb(1)
.BR lcc(1)
.BR lcg(1)
.BR lcr(1)
.BR lcs(1)
.BR lcu(1)
.BR lck(1)
.BR lcou(1)
