.TH LCK 1 "Version 0.1: April 17 2014" "Collection of ldap utilities" "ldap collection"
.SH NAME
lck \- ldap create kerberos.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lck
.B "-h hostname"
.B "-r realm"
[
.B -f
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlck\fP will create an ldif modify statement that can be used to add
\fBkerberos\fP authentication via the \fBSASL GSSAPI\fP mechanism to an
\fIopenldap\fP server.
This ldif statement will configure the \fIhostname\fP and \fIrealm\fP for the
ldap server.
For this to function correctly, you should have already created a principle for
the LDAP server on your kdc, stored this principle in a keytab file that is
accessible to the ldap server, and configured it's location via the \fBslapd\fP
environment variable \fBKRB5_KTNAME\fP.
.PP
\fBPlease Note:\fP You will need to have fully fuctioning forward are reverse
\fIDNS\fP for both the server and client. This means that the client and the
server must be able to resolve both the forward and reverse records for each
other.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h hostname"
Specify the FQDN DNS hostname used to connect to the ldap server. This does not
have to be the server hostname, but forward and reverse DNS entries must be
available. 
.IP "-r realm"
Specify the kerberos realm this ldap server will participate in.
.IP "-f"
Output the ldif to the output file sasl.ldif in the current working directory.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
There are no environment variables used in this program.
.SH AUTHOR
Iain M Conochie <iain-at-thargoid-dot-co-dot-uk>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcdb(1)
.BR lcc(1)
.BR lcg(1)
.BR lcr(1)
.BR lcs(1)
.BR lcu(1)
.BR lcou(1)
.BR lcdhcp(1)
