.TH LCR 1 "Version 0.1: April 13 2014" "Collection of ldap utilities" "ldap collection"
.SH NAME
lcr \- LDAP create replication.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcr
.B -d domain
.B -h host
.B -u user
.B -b db#
.B -p db#
.B -r db#
[
.B -f
] ([
.B -s | -t
] [
.B -c ca-cert
]) [
.B -C | -P
] [
.B -M
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlcr\fP will create the configuration needed for ldap replication in
\fIopenldap\fP 2.4.
This will create a \fIcn=config\fP style configuration which you can add using
\fBldapadd\fP on the ldap server.
You can output to \fIstdout\fP or use the \fB-f\fP switch to write to separate
files, \fBconsumer.ldif\fP and \fBprovider.ldif\fP.
\fIOpenldap\fP uses the terms \fIprovider\fP and \fIconsumer\fP instead of
\fImaster\fP and \fIslave\fP, where the \fIprovider\fP holds the authoratative
records, and the \fIconsumer\fP gets updates from the \fIprovider\fP.
.PP
With the cn=config style, each database has a unique number.
You will need to know the number of the database you wish to replicate on the
provider, the last database number on the provider so you can add one to it for
the new accesslog database, and also the last database number on the consumer
so you can add one to it for the new replicated database.
.PP
\fBNOTE\fP The directories for the databases must exist on the provider and
consumer before adding the replication, and they must be writable by the
openldap user.
It is advisable that they are not world readable for security purposes.
Permissions of \fI750\fP are acceptable.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-d domain"
Specify the base DN of the branch of the directory.
.IP "-h host"
Specify the provider (or master) host.
.IP "-b db"
Number of the database on the provider you want to replicate.
.IP "-p db"
Number of the database that will be the new accesslog database on the provider.
.IP "-r db"
Number of the database that will be the new replicated database.
.IP -f
Write the output to the files provider.ldif and consumer.ldif.
.IP -s
Enable SSL connection to the provider.
.IP -t
Enable TLS connection to the provider.
.IP "-c ca-cert"
Specify the CA certificate of the key that has signed the provider's
certificate, so you can trust the provider.
.IP -C
Only write the consumer ldif.
.IP -P
Only write the provider ldif.
.IP -M
Remove the ldif section that adds the accesslog and syncprov modules. This
option is useful if you have already have databases replicated on these ldap
servers.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
There are no environment variables used in this program.
.SH AUTHOR
Iain M Conochie <iain-at-thargoid-dot-co-dot-uk>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcdb(1)
.BR lcc(1)
.BR lcg(1)
.BR lcs(1)
.BR lcu(1)
.BR lck(1)
.BR lcou(1)

