.TH LCS "Version 0.1: April 13 2014" Collection of ldap utilities" "ldap collection"
.SH NAME
lcs \- LDAP create ssl-config.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcs
.B "-a CA-cert"
.B "-d domain"
[
.B "-i | -r"
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlcs\fP will create an ldif configuration for an SSL and TLS enable
directory. This will modify the base cn=config to allow encypted communications
with the directory. You should place the certificate for the server in
\fI/etc/ldap/ssl.crt\fP and name it \fI<domain-name>.crt\fP where <domain-name>
is the name of your base DN domain, which in most circumstances is your DNS
domain. You must also place the key in \fI/etc/ldap/ssl.key/<domain-name>.pem.\fP
The root CA certificate must be available at \fI/etc/ssl/certs/<ca-name>.crt\fP
where ca-name is the name of the ca-cert file.

.B NOTE:
The CA-cert file is essential for you to be able to verify the certificate
chain of trust accurately. If you have purchased you certificate from a
commercial vendor, their certificate will most likely be found under
\fI/etc/ssl/certs\fP. However, if you have your own CA, it is necessary to
install your CA certificate into this directory, and if you are using GNUtls
you will have to add it to the \fI/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt\fP file
and specify \fBca-certificates\fP as the argument for the CA-cert. If you using
self-signed certs, you will have to disable certificate verification in your
\fIldap.conf\fP file, using the \fBTLS_REQCERT\fP option.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-d domain"
Specify the base DN of the branch of the directory.
.IP "-a CA-cert"
Specify the name of the CA-cert file (minus the .crt postfix)
.IP -i
Create an insert ldif (this is the default)
.IP -r
Create a remove ldif (this will remove the configuration)
.SH ENVIRONMENT
There are no environment variables used in this program.
.SH AUTHOR
Iain M Conochie <iain-at-thargoid-dot-co-dot-uk>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcu(1)
.BR lcg(1)
.BR lcc(1)
.BR lcr(1)
.BR lcdb(1)
