.TH LCSUDO 1 "Version 0.5.1: January 06 2024" "Collection of ldap utilities" "ldap collection"
.SH NAME
lcsudo \- LDAP create sudoers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcsudo
.B "-d <domain-name>"
(
.B "-u <user> | -g <group>"
)
.B "-o command"
.B "-h host"
(
.B "-i | -m | -r"
)
[
.B "-e RunAsUser | -p RunAsGroup"
]
[
.B -f
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlcsudo\fP creates and ldif compatible output to insert, modify or remove
\fIsudoers\fP rules in and LDAP directory. \flcsudo\fP assumes that the \fIou\fP
for the sudoers rules is called SUDOers, and that this ou is placed in the
top level of the directory, for the domain specified with the \fB-d\fP option.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-d <domain-name>"
Specify the domain name of the top level of the directory.
.IP "-u user"
Specify the username which will run the sudo commands. This will also be the
\fBcn\fP in the ldif output.
.IP "-g group"
Specify the group name which will run the sudo commands. This will also be the
\fBcn\fP in the ldif output. \fBNOTE\fP \fB-u\fP and \fB-g\fP are mutually
exclusive options.
.IP "-o command"
Specify the command to be run with sudo.
.IP "-h host"
Specify the host on which the sudo commands will be run.
.IP "-i"
Specify an insert action. This will create a new entry in the directory
.IP "-m"
Specify the modify action. This will add attributes to and existing entry in
the directory
.IP "-r"
Specify the remove action. This will either remove the attributes specified or
remove the entry completely if only the \fB-d\fP and either \fB-u\fP or
\fB-g\fP options are spcified.
.IP "-e <RunAsUser>"
Specify the user to run the sudo command as. If none specified, the default
will be \fBALL\fP.
.IP "-p <RunAsGroup>"
Specify the group to run the sudo command as. If none specified, the default
will be \fBALL\fP.
.IP "-f"
Write the output to the file \fIsudo.ldif\fP in the current directory.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
Currently, there are no environment variables used.
.SH AUTHOR
Iain M Conochie <iain-AT-thargoid-dot-co-dot-uk>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lcdb(1)
.BR lcg(1)
.BR lcr(1)
.BR lcs(1)
.BR lcu(1)
.BR lck(1)
.BR lcdhcp(1)
