.TH LCU 1 "Version 0.1: December 06 2015" "Collection of ldap utilities" "ldap collection"
.SH NAME
lcu \- LDAP create user.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcu
.B -d domain
.B -n full-name
.B -u uid
[
.B -g
] [
.B -l
] [
.B -p
] [
.B -U
users OU ] [
.B -G
group OU ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlcu\fP will create ldif suitable for an \fIRFC 2307\fP user.
You must specify the base domain for the branch of the directory, the full
name of the user, and the uid.
You can optionally create a gid that is identical to the uid, and also shares
it's name.
Otherwise the gid of the user is set to 100.
You may also create a long username, where the first initial and the surname
are combined into a username, although the default is to use the first or given
name of the user.
If compiled with openssl support, by default, \fBlcu\fP will ask for a password.
This can be overridden by using the \fB-p\fP option. You can test this by runnig
lcu with no arguments. If the -p option is visible, it will ask for a password.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-d domain"
Specify the base DN of the branch of the directory.
.IP "-n full-name"
Specify the full name of the user.
.IP "-u uid"
Specify the uid of the user.
.IP "-g gid"
Specify the gid of the user.
.IP "-G group OU"
Specify the name of the group OU. This defaults to 'group'
.IP "-U users OU"
Specify the name of the users OU. This defaults to 'people'
.IP -l
Create the long version of the username.
.IP -p
Do not ask for a password.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
There are no environment variables used in this program.
.SH AUTHOR
Iain M Conochie <iain-at-thargoid-dot-co-dot-uk>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcdb(1)
.BR lcc(1)
.BR lcg(1)
.BR lcr(1)
.BR lcs(1)
.BR lck(1)
.BR lcou(1)
.BR lcdhcp(1)
